OK so let's go ahead and fulfill the requirements for promoters.
Let's see what we can do.
So in this case we're going to use the protected access specified to give access to the children but
not to the outside world.
I hope you've done that when you were doing it yourself.
So I'm going to do is I'm going to create a method called shared with inner circle.
So let's go back Cheryl our circle and then paid ads.
So I'm going to say use paid ads.
Right.
So go back here go to promoter and the promoter will say I have protected abstract void and it's going
to say share with inner circle.
How it's going to do it is going to be defined on the inheriting class.
So that's one and then the other is going to be used paid ads so use paid ads.
And the other thing is that the promote is no longer going to be abstract.
It's going to be concrete but we will define these abstract methods which basically defines how promote
works essentially.
So we say this dot share within our circle.
So this is not abstract anymore I'll take that out and then the next one is this use paid ads.
All right so let's do that and then let's go back to Armenia and this we can no longer override but
we can't override as the methods within that.
So these guys right here you know promote anymore.
Take that out and implement abstract class or we go these are the guys I'm going to put them right up
there just for readability purposes.
OK so we have that there.
So basically fulfill this requirement as well.
Now let's actually start creating the constructors so we know that the writer has first name last name.
So let's go out and do that.
So a writer right here has a constructor.
So we're going to say public writer and it's going to have first name and last name.
So let's do Strang first name.
So first name string last name and then we're going to have fields so a private String.
I'm going to say first name here and private.
OK.
And last name right here.
So then we have to set these fields first name equals first name.
And this last name last name equals notice keyboard is being a little strange today.
Last name is last name.
OK.
So I think that does that.
Now we need to set them in the chalk glasses you remember that.
So we need to I'm actually going to take this out and regenerate it.
So I'm going to let it regenerate the entire constructor.
So this is good to go and do the same thing with this guy.
Let it regenerate itself sent off to write code.
Here we go.
And that starts a book writer and blog writer.
Let's see what we have missed so far.
So here we go.
I think the first name last name and this is taken care for the writer and then we have this author
bio which is basically a property so I'm going to go out and create that as well.
And this is just in the writer.
So let's go ahead here and let's say public string.
And I'm going to say author bio author bio.
And here we go.
Get and return.
And I will say Strang the format so we can fill in the place folders and that's going to give me.
So let's actually put in here and then I will say what it wants.
Using system that's cool.
And this that first name and this the last name.
So essentially what I'm doing is I'm saying this is the quick property to kind of show our information
and more readable way.
That's all that this is and we're getting that information you know quote unquote from the database.
So it's can say my name is whatever the first name and last name that are given in our constructor.
So a writer seems to be good to go.
The next thing is are promoters so the promoter has is pretty similar except that we have this extra
field which is a cell phone.
So we can actually go out and copy this guy and actually we're going to copy this whole thing and go
to promoter and we're we're going to do is we're going to paste that here and we're going to say the
name is different friend just to match it up to constructor name with a class time you only know that.
And then I'm going to say in the phone and that order you know cell phone the words and the be private
and phone.
So cell phone and cell phone does good to go as well.
Let me see.
So then we're setting it here everything is good here and then we're going to have to set it in here.
So cell phone equals cell phone OK not that.
OK.
So then I think we are looking good except that something's not fine here.
Because I misspoke.
OK.
So cell phone cell phone so far on my business cards and next thing so is there my business card so
the business cards.
But basically you're gonna be the first name last name and the phone numbers.
It's not that complicated.
Going to grab this guy.
Come back here and it's just says 0 1 2 so it's 3 properties as placeholders first name last name and
the third one is the phone.
A cell phone number.
So we need to use console.
Are you using system to be able to get access to the string and then it's methods that are approved
for it.
So just format and really took care of the promotion and the steps and the constructor is there.
Now we have to go to its children classes and as you've seen in the previous writer based class we need
to generate the constructor.
So that's good to go and do the same thing with this guy.
So here we go.
And we're looking good.
Let's go back once again look at our requirements.
So we have our property we have our constructor property constructors are looking good.
This is all looking good.
Now this entire thing is looking good.
The only thing we need to do is left to do is create the lists.
So let's go ahead and do that.
We're going to start from the list one.
And it says databases three writers and three promoters I mean doesn't really matter.
We what we care about is the list so we can be very creative with with the text and we you know we're
going to do that afterwards.
But let's actually go ahead and create the list and then and then we'll create the text after that.
So I'm going to go back and I'm going to say Close these guys just once again clean our dashboard say
that.
And in the program what I'm going to say is I'm going to say we have a list of so it's going to be promoters
and let's see motors promoters equals new list of promoters.
And here we go.
We're going to need to import systems collection generic to be able to use the lists go back once again
show to access and one Omni.
Right.
So let's do that.
So new promoter or rather Net Promoter IP address access club promoter.
So what we need and this takes in First Name Last Name is cell phones.
So first name I'm going to say John Jones
and I'm gonna say 6 1 7 5 5 5 5 5 5 and then let's see oh it's because our number is way larger than
an integer can hold.
So we're actually going to do is we're gonna go and fix that real quick.
We can go to the promoter and change this too long.
That'll give us enough space and capacity to store a large number like that we can also store that as
a string.
That's also not our problem.
But yeah I'm destroying it as numbers so it doesn't really matter.
You could have done it as a string you know won't make much of a difference.
So you see so in this case I'm not really sure what's working.
Let's go and try to troubleshoot this real quick.
So we have this and this is already a long time long.
So we have that there and our promoter is access club promoter.
Really sure if it's not taking this then it's actually go to excess club promoter.
That's the thing.
I would go it's all about the details.
Got to follow the trail and you eventually will find the bucks and now excess club promoter and Armenia
club promoter both you have to fix that's one problem out the way.
And so to excess I'm going to say John Jones Jones and another like Jim Jones and this one is 6 1 8
and then we're going to have another one called.
This one is gonna be Armenia.
So it's gonna be Armenia.
A promoter analysts make this Jane Jones OK.
And this is gonna be new.
You have to use their reserve you're new to instantiate the class and get an object out of it and 6
1 9 5 5 5 5 5 5.
Okay.
One two three four one two three.
Cool.
OK.
We've got our first list down.
Let's.
So it's actually copy that.
And we're gonna keep the names the same because it's not really about that.
It's about us getting the requirements down.
That's really the important part here.
And list two we have three writers two book writers and one blog writer.
So to book writers first of all make this in to writers and to book and one blog to book and one blog.
So writers.
So this is gonna be a book writer book writer and a blog writer.
Cool.
Get these name get the rather the phones out because we don't have that parameter in our book.
Writer and blog writer because we don't have it in our writer base class.
And this should do that then we have a list three which is going to have two body builders of any type.
That has to be excess club promoter.
Now let's go back here and we're going to say this list holds I body builders and I'm going to say body
builders body.
And this is going to be messy.
This is going to be excess promoter or someone's again John and then another one.
Jim you know they know those guys.
So the reason why it's underlined by the way is because we haven't put the cell phone numbers in so
we're going to add those up here we go as a as you can see they're accepted in the eye.
Body bodybuilder types and then we're going to copy and paste that and let's see this war is going to
have to loggers any time so I'm going to choose to loggers I'm going to choose one blog writer or another
one.
Excess club promoter just so that you can see how it combines unrelated groups.
And so let's do exactly that.
I'm going to go back here and I'm going to save loggers.
I'm going to say I blogger
blogger one is access club promoter.
Another one is going to be new.
Let's grab this guy so grab Jim bring him down here.
He's also a blogger.
See they fit into the same list.
So we also have the list ready.
So then we want to see how promoters promote how art is right.
How bodybuilders work out of bloggers blog.
And we can be created with a text.
So here's what I'm gonna do.
I'm gonna go and I'm gonna I'm gonna write a for each loop for each of these guys and I'm going to save
for each.
So var promoter and promoters rights.
And I'm gonna say promoter that promotes.
And I'm going to use the same thing for writers and this is going to just say writer and writer is going
to write.
Here we go.
Same thing for bodybuilders and loggers
and rock gods.
And then I'm gonna put the last one down here.
So it's a logger of log
that's a log.
So here we go.
Now all we need to do is go and fill in all of the messages that we want it to show.
And then we should be good to go.
So let's go one by one.
So the blogger says I log cool.
Let's see what it should say.
So I say console right line and then we're going to have to import those guys you already know.
And I'm going to say I've log using my GoPro so what I'm going to say.
So that's what a blogger does.
And then I'm going to say I write so this one is for the blogger.
I write in my blog I write and I write for my own blog.
OK very simple just kind of making sure it works.
Book This also has a blog.
So I'm going to say I blog using my iPhone.
All right.
So different implementation of the same method.
So this is polymorphism right here guys.
So let's see.
So so we need to use system.
Cool.
Let's see if I put a period on the other one.
Yes I did.
Just to keep it consistent.
I write I write books.
All right.
Once again just keeping it simple keeping it simple.
I bodybuilder doesn't do nothing as an empty interface blogger empty interface omni club promoter use.
You use paid ads.
So I'm going to say I use Google AdWords for paid ads rants.
Then as that guy takes care of that and then share with the inner circle I'm going to say I share with
my friends.
OK.
And that's that for the Armenia program.
This is what really had.
This doesn't really need much on it.
And then the writer doesn't really need much on it as well.
And then the excess club promoter.
So this is the guy here.
Let's see.
I will say for use paydays I would say I use Facebook ads.
OK.
So that's that.
And then I will say for share with inner circle I will say I share with my Instagram followers.
All right.
Share with my instagram followers capitalize that for the hell of it.
And then I am here.
The vlog I will say I use a professional.
Oh I will say I use DSA LA to in order to log and I will say
I work out
at my house.
So here we go.
Now we have everything filled out and in the next video we'll be running it.
And just kind of going over the structure and just talking about what we've done so far.